# RBJ--Discreet-structures
CIS7 Discrete Structures

Team Name: Notorious RBJ

Team Member : Rigo Salazar
		Brian Garcia
		Josh Buckles
	
	The Purpose of this project  is to run a simulation of what an advertising sales man for Solar Power packages within the area within the areas of the Inland Empire. The data will be based on the distance traveled within the major cities of the Riverside county, such as Hemet, Moreno Valley, Perris, and Riverside.What this Project is focusing on is the need to create a program that can run calculations based on the shortest amount travel between the cities as well as see what the most cost-effective method of travel. The program consists of 3 parts. The first part is listing the cities that are going to be utilized in this project. Second is determining the amount of miles needed to travel between each City.  Lastly, taking the data and then constructing the program that can run and fulfill the simulation.
	The Programming portion is going to be tested by inputting the City or desired location to start, from our selection of cities provided. By doing so we ill initiate the start point of the program. From there it will ask the user to input a second city of choice. The user may input as many city values as necessary, as the program will continue to ask the user until the user enters a blank space. Once doing so the program will run its course and provide a total sum of miles  that will be traveled, while also providing the shortest path of distance. We believe that the by using a similar Array function and perhaps point function we will be able to make the program insert the corresponding values of distance between cities. However this is only a quick draft of the idea, as we will have to see what the program will evidently lead to when it starts its process of creation. For now we are focusing on the objective of providing the user the ability in selecting this cities for the ones provided and allow them to enter each city as though they were traveling from city to city and providing the number of miles. Afterwards we will determine the best method to have the program differentiate between cities and their corresponding differences and then analyze what the best course of action will be. 
	The only limitation I see from this program is the amount of cities that are entered within it and its corresponding distance from other cities. If a user selects a city that is outside of what we placed in the program the program will stop and give an “Invalid entry” Message. However again, this is only a quick draft idea and the concept may change as we go through the program. For now we will focus on the primary objective of this project.
